Date received	Product	Sub-product	Issue	Sub-issue	Consumer complaint narrative	Company public response	Company	State	ZIP code	Tags	Consumer consent provided?	Submitted via	Date sent to company	Company response to consumer	Timely response?	Consumer disputed?	Complaint ID
9/24/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt is not yours	"transworld systems inc. 
is trying to collect a debt that is not mine, not owed and is inaccurate."		TRANSWORLD SYSTEMS INC	FL	335XX		Consent provided	Web	9/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3384392
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	PA	15206		Consent not provided	Web	9/20/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3379500
10/25/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	I would like to request the suppression of the following items from my credit report, which are the result of my falling victim to identity theft. This information does not relate to [ transactions that I have made/accounts that I have opened ], as the attached supporting documentation can attest. As such, it should be blocked from appearing on my credit report pursuant to section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA	937XX		Consent provided	Web	10/25/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3417821
11/8/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Communication tactics	Frequent or repeated calls	Over the past 2 weeks, I have been receiving excessive amounts of telephone calls from the company listed in this complaint. The calls occur between XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX to my cell and at my job. The company does not have the right to harass me at work and I want this to stop. It is extremely distracting to be told 5 times a day that I have a call from this collection agency while at work.		Diversified Consultants, Inc.	NC	275XX		Consent provided	Web	11/8/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3433198
2/8/19	Vehicle loan or lease	Lease	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report			HYUNDAI CAPITAL AMERICA	FL	33161		Consent not provided	Web	2/8/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3146310
9/16/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt was already discharged in bankruptcy and is no longer owed	"This complain it against Fifth Third Bank. ( for the past two days ) everything starte a week ago I was receiving phone call, no name? no phone number? the phone was ringing for 2 minutes hang up. On XX/XX/XXXX I receive a phone call between XXXX afternoon a person giving me his name XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX the first thing I thought you know this is a scam I don't know anything I bought collection he has all my personal information the person that started telling me my name he knew my name he knew my social security number!! that's against the Federal law ( the 42 sec. "" "" 408 Whoever ( 8 ) this disclose uses, or compels the disclosure of this social security number of any person in Violation of the law of the United State should be guilty of a felony and up conviction thereof be fined on the title 18 or imprisoned for not more than 5 years or both. '' And this individual was threatened me with legal document they I needed to sign it and there was threaten me to come to my house for my signature. according to my ucc-1 The Uniform Commercial Code I file a New York with my trademark copyright with my deceased letter they I have send to every Institution,. I'm not in the public sade, I'm a private individual protected under my ucc-1 trade name copyright.. 
Whoever violate my private security agreement trademark copyright can be up to XXXX action."		FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION	IN	466XX		Consent provided	Web	9/16/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3375510
3/30/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect			HYUNDAI CAPITAL AMERICA	CA	92612		Consent not provided	Web	3/30/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3196090
6/17/20	Checking or savings account	Checking account	Problem with a lender or other company charging your account	Transaction was not authorized			FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION	IL	60640		N/A	Referral	6/19/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3706449
10/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA	925XX		Other	Web	10/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3416481
11/20/19	Credit card or prepaid card	General-purpose credit card or charge card	Closing your account	Company closed your account		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	PENTAGON FEDERAL CREDIT UNION	VA	22304		N/A	Referral	11/21/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3446074
9/8/19	Money transfer, virtual currency, or money service	Domestic (US) money transfer	Fraud or scam		"I was sold access to an event digitally, of which I have all the screenshots to detail the transactions, transferred the money and was provided with only a fake of a ticket. I have reported this to paypal and it was for the amount of {$21.00} including a {$1.00} fee from paypal. 

This occured on XX/XX/2019, by paypal user who gave two accounts : 1 ) XXXX 2 ) XXXX XXXX"		Paypal Holdings, Inc	RI	029XX		Consent provided	Web	9/8/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3366475
3/5/19	Mortgage	Conventional home mortgage	Trouble during payment process		"This complaint dates back to last XX/XX/XXXX during a loan modification which was done with XXXX ( Account # XXXX ) my previous loan servicer this was after a 2 month forbearance after Hurricane Irma. They had indicated a shortage to my escrow account in the loan modification documents. I was provided different information every time I spoke on the phone with a XXXX   representative. One would say I had an overage, others would say I had a shortage. The modification documents indicated at {$1900.00} shortage. I called, I emailed and wrote letters, I requested a Escrow review of my account in XXXX and XXXX and was told one would be done. They kept delaying and I finally had to sign the Modification documents on XX/XX/XXXX under duress otherwise the Modification would be withdrawn. No review of my escrow was ever done by XXXX, I discovered what appears to be an error when I reviewed the two Escrow Disclosure statements from XXXX for XXXX and XXXX. The Escrow balance for XX/XX/XXXX shows an actual escrow balance of {$2200.00}, the next statement shows a XXXX actual balance for XXXX, a difference of XXXX when only XXXX should have been withdrawn from this account to pay for the monthly mortgage insurance. I have recently contacted by phone and email to XXXX and they have not responded. 

In XX/XX/XXXX my loan servicing was transferred to Mr Cooper ( Formerly Nationstar Mortgage. ) ( Account # XXXX ). Mr Cooper did do a escrow analysis in XXXX of XXXX. That analysis was completely mishandled and they indicate a shortage of XXXX in my account. Even though my account is currently at a XXXX deficit as of XX/XX/XXXX. Their major errors was their analysis to my Hazard insurance and Morgage insurance. They indicated the Hazard insurance was XXXX last year ( when it was actually XXXX ) and this year the correct amount of XXXX. The Mortgage insurance they again misquoted last year at XXXX ( the actual was XXXX ) and listed this year the correct amount at XXXX so they are showing a difference from last year to this year of XXXX increase. This is totally wrong. They are demanding the difference be paid in a lump sum or have my monthly payment increased to cover the shortage over a year period. I have contacted Mr Cooper by phone on  XX/XX/XXXX and was told someone would look at it but no one from their Escrow will call, just an email. I have also sent a letter stating the error. The new charges will be taking effect in XXXX so something needs to happen quickly. The simple facts are that my Hazard insurance has gone down from XXXX to XXXX. My taxes did go up from XXXX to XXXX, so the net effect of the two is only XXXX. I am already paying one shortage based on XXXX miscalculation and that was to be spread out over 5 years. 
I want both XXXX and Mr Copper to correct the errors made to my escrow account and have XXXX send the deficiency to Mr Cooper post haste. I want Mr Cooper to revise the shortage based on all of this information. 
Contact Information : XXXX : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NJ XXXX Phone XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX, Tx. XXXX Phone XXXX"		NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE	FL	339XX		Consent provided	Web	3/11/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3170293
4/7/20	Debt collection	Mortgage debt	False statements or representation	Attempted to collect wrong amount	"I received an email from a XXXX XXXX along with a single page attached on XX/XX/XXXX. The email read The final pay off amount for XXXX, XXXX will be {$86000.00} This information is provided by XXXX XXXX on XXXX. It was emailed from XXXX. The subject line read Re : XXXX XXXX XXXX ( Payoff amount for XXXX and insurance info.The insurance info was a single page showing coverage of {$77000.00} on a single story dwelling from a XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX listing my home address and XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX , as registered agent. XXXX XXXX was the insured. I responded to that email disagreeing with the amount and asked for some sort of statement of accounting because XXXX XXXX was asking for more than the {$85000.00} financed and I had made payments for 5 years and 7 months consecutively. She responded with just saying no she was correct. On or around XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Attorney In Fact for a XXXX XXXX mailed me a Notice of substitute trustee sale The notice had a sale date of XXXX XXXX, XXXX A date of XX/XX/XXXX An amount of {$95000.00} Borrower XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Collateral : All of Debtors interest in the real property legal described as : XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX according to the map and plat there of recorded in the Deed Anns Plat Records XXXX County , Texas . The Note section is blank. This is dated XX/XX/XXXX and has a file stamp of XX/XX/XXXX in XXXX County Records. XXXX XXXX never lended me any money. I was the only person providing money in the purchase of my home. I was in a TREC   contract with XXXX XXXX for my home. It was already signed by us both for the home {$85000.00} financed for 360 months no balloon payment ; until I received XX/XX/XXXX closing documents showing a balloon payment due XXXX XXXX, payments of {$850.00} every month/ {$600.00} being the house payment and the other being taxes. I am wanting to see the bank statements and escrow accounting for the time period of XX/XX/XXXX thru XXXX, XXXX and the payment records for taxes, and all transfer records. And the proof that XXXX XXXX has showing {$95000.00} going from her hand to mine. I want to see the substitute trustee recorded appointment and I want to see proof of XXXX XXXX identity. I want to see the accounting for the down payment made on the property and proof she owned the property when she sold it to me. 
When I obtained legal representation and stopped the sale date, another debt collection letter came dated XX/XX/XXXX for a sale date of XX/XX/XXXX. This notice contains all the same information as the previous notice except it is listing XXXX XXXX name first above XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Attorney in fact at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX , Texas . After firing the first attorney hired after the discovery of {$21000.00} in receipts missing from my receipts of payments to XXXX XXXX a new hired attorney chose to conspire with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX and in the printed emails left in my file that were my attorney and XXXX XXXX Attorney planning and executing the sale of my home they had agreed on the figures that XXXX will have the HUD 1 payoff Mr Cooper and XXXX loans paid in full their ( your, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) further states there is a first and second on this property Mr Cooper total payoff by XXXX XXXX {$47000.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX payoff is {$13000.00} subtotal {$60000.00} BUT again there is language of a loan between XXXX and I in an amount said to be {$78000.00} and Mr. XXXX took the liberty of adding Attorney fees of {$5000.00} making a total of {$83000.00} these documents were emailed back and forth plan discussed of running it through the uncontested docket, signed by a judge, filed in the court records, being fully executed. But I never received any documentation of this sale. I am requesting / demanding the pay off accounting and statements and a copy of the HUD1.

Now I am needing to have the documentation and explanation of how my home was sold, if it wasnt is it fraud on the court? And AGAIN I receive another notice of substitute trustee sale dated XX/XX/XXXX this time the amounts are base amount due as maturity : {$88000.00} / unpaid principle past maturity ( 18 % ) {$34000.00} / subtotal {$120000.00} / Attorney Fees XXXX / Cost {$120.00} / Total due XX/XX/XXXX {$130000.00} It continues to read : please contact XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX for current payoff instructions at my address above please be advised if this payment is not received by XXXX the mortgagee will exercise the rights under the loan documents and foreclose the loan at public sale, Tuesday, XXXX, XXXX at XXXX. In accordance with the federal and Texas laws regarding fair debt debt collections unless you within thirty days after receipt of this notice, dispute the validity of the debt set forth above or any portionhereof the indebtedness will be assumed to be valid. This notice is signed by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Attorney for XXXX XXXX. Now I want to know how you, XXXX XXXX XXXX or and XXXX XXXX can act as an Attorney in fact and harass me for months, years inducing lawsuits when an attorney in fact is not allowed to handle assets held in trust? How can you impose a debt on me of {$130000.00} and state you will respond to my letter of validation when you did not. Mailing me copies of public record court papers and passed made up accounting graphs from your home computer is not accounting. I want to see the reasoning on how you decided I owed this last mentioned notice and the removal of trustee documents recorded. You stated in this debt collection letter you would reveal the original creaditor upon my request and you did not.I mailed to you by certified letter and I faxed you the same validation letter but you not XXXX XXXX responded until I received again a substitute trustee sale notice this time 2 in the same envelope? dated XX/XX/XXXX And XXXX XXXX, XXXX stating I owe {$130000.00} and contains debt collection language but you are threatening to sell my home ...., you already did once. On XX/XX/XXXX you sold my home to XXXX XXXX for a credit bid of {$88000.00}.? I want all tax certificates and the deed of trust back I want all XXXX XXXX XXXX accounting and I want copies of all the escrow account. I want copies of proof you owned my home when you sold it to me XXXX XXXX, XXXX. 
I demand documented proof that you obtained a legal confessed judgement by me. I demand documentation of the mortgage loan you have repeatedly made demands for payment of and of the investment contract you are holding / have held me liable for that I am not a party that is the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. The Statue of Frauds was made to prevent the very thing you have been doing to me. See UCC at 2-201. You have made me an undisclosed third party to a loan modification ; to a contract I am not a party to. This is why you have never been able to show my payments going to a servicing company you are sending them as cash flow to the investors. You kept using the term mortgage in your debt collection letters but a note is a security as you know, this was undisclosed to me along with a disclaimer that was supposed to be in the credit application under Title 16 16 car 433.2 which says the buyer/seller takes it subject to all defenses and claims that the buyer could assert against any transferee or any buyer who buys it. But you Took it out of the loan application. So there is no holder in due course meaning you take it subject to my claims and defenses I am claiming recoupment under UCC 3-305 under UCC 3-306 I am encoring my proprietary and possession art and property interest in the note and its proceds. Also I am encoring my right to rescind the endorsement on the note. The rider XXXX XXXX made the wrap around deed of trust with modifies the conditions of payment and supplements and governs the promissory note. UCC 3-106 ( D ) it cant be negotiated instrument if it is subject or governed by extraneous documents outside the promissory note and you made it subject to an adjustable rate Ryder and a deed of trust. You can not collect an alleged debt on what you call a mortgage and sell someones property when it is not a note or a negotiable interest. It has a maturity longer than nine months making it a security. I am encoring my right to claim under UCC 3-306 the proceeds, rescuind the negotiation, and am claiming my possessionary and property right in the proceeds in the investment contract. I demand a quick response with my demands met as they are rightfully mine and more than owed to me."		NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE	TX	782XX		Consent provided	Web	4/9/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3595729
11/22/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	Today XX/XX/XXXX went online to dispute the incorrect personal information and it says This request can not be processed online	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	330XX		Consent provided	Web	11/22/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3446975
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	330XX		Other	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379614
4/17/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	XXXX is reporting incorrectly to Equifax and XXXX an account balance of {$2300.00} on the XXXX partial account number XXXX. ( Please see pages 12 and 13 of the attached credit report ). This account is over 7 years old and therefore should not be on my credit report. This incorrect reporting is harming my credit score and is a Fair Credit Reporting Act ( F.C.R.A. ) violation.		EQUIFAX, INC.	NC	285XX		Consent provided	Web	4/17/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3214857
10/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	Please reverse the late payments reported on the following accounts : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX The accounts were never past due, I never made a late payment to this company ever please change this, I have a good relationship with these companies.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NC	276XX		Consent provided	Web	10/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3417374
6/18/20	Checking or savings account	Checking account	Problem with a lender or other company charging your account	Transaction was not authorized			FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION	FL				Web	6/18/20	In progress	Yes	N/A	3705464
10/28/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with fraud alerts or security freezes		"ALL THREE CREDIT BUREAUS ARE STILL PUTTING FRAUD ALERTS ON MY CREDIT REPORT WITHOUT MY PERMISSION. 

IT SEEMS XXXX IS THE ONE INITIATING THIS AND THEN TELLING THE OTHER BUREAUS TO FOLLOW THEIR LEAD.

THIS IS ILLEGAL, I HAVE NOT REQUESTED THAT ANY FRAUD ALERT BE PUT ON MY CREDIT FILE.

I CHALLENGE THEM ON THE FCRA SECTION 609 TO REMOVE NEGATIVE REMARKS, STATEMENTS AND CREDIT INQUIRIES THAT WERE SUPPOSED TO BE SOFT PULLS AND NOT HARD PULLS AND THESE BUREAUS TRY TO SLIDE PAST THE LAW AND PUT THESE BOGUS FRAUD ALERTS ON MY FILES TO JUSTIFY THEIR ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES. 

NO NEGATIVE REMARKS SHOULD BE ON ANY OF MY OPEN OR CLOSED ACCOUNTS. NO REMARKS STATING THAT CONSUMER DISAGREES, REINVESTIGATION IN PROGRESS, NOTHING THAT SAYS CONSUMER DISPUTES AS I AM AT THIS TIME NOT DISPUTING ANYTHING AND THESE REMARKS AND THESE FRAUD ALERTS ARE BEING PLACED ON MY FILES WITHOUT MY PERMISSION AND ARE AGAINST THE LAW."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CO	80920		Consent provided	Web	10/28/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3420108
11/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	331XX		Other	Web	11/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448861
7/1/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	This complaint submission is in regards to a false credit report by CREDIT BUREAU ASSOCIATES -NORTHEAST INC ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , MA XXXX ). I have made attempts to rectify this matter with them directly as they have now been unresponsive. I spoke with two different representatives one particularly named XXXX XXXX who was extremely rude and stated I am responsible for this debt then hung up the phone. I then spoke with another representative who gave me the fax number so I could forward them a Debt Of Validation letter, which was sent on XX/XX/2019. It was confirmed through my fax machine that the Supervisor had received the files ; however, after 30 days of notifying them, still no response. I specifically asked for proof of debt and anything in signature or judgment by law stating I was obligated to pay them the total of ( {$790.00} ). Prior before sending the letter, the representative stated they have mailed me several notices to my home address. The actual letter came from the alleged original creditor which was sent to a random address I have never been associated with. The original balance on that letter states {$520.00}. CREDIT BUREAU ASSOCIATES -NORTHEAST INC stated I owed them {$790.00} with {$260.00} in collection fees. I have never made any agreement with them nor the original creditor to pay anything nor was I properly notified of this false reported debt. I am requesting CREDIT BUREAU ASSOCIATES -NORTHEAST INC immediately remove me from their systems and update all 3 major Credit Bureaus ( XXXX   , XXXX, & XXXX  ) on this action. At this point they have failed to provide any competent evidence or any legal obligation. CREDIT BUREAU ASSOCIATES -NORTHEAST INC is currently in violation of the Fair Debt Collections Practice Act, 15 USC 1692g, and if this report is not updated immediately I will be taking legal actions.		CREDIT BUREAU ASSOCIATES-NORTHEAST, INC.	CA	916XX		Consent provided	Web	7/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3292690
11/15/19	Mortgage	Conventional home mortgage	Closing on a mortgage		"We have already tried to contact the company with the following complaint 3 times using different avenues. In the most recent email sent, we requested that they contact us to at least acknowledge that the complaint was received. We have gotten no responses since the complaint was first filed three weeks ago. The text of the submitted complaint follows. 

To whom it may concern : We are writing to submit a formal complaint regarding the poor service that we received while working with XXXX XXXX XXXX/Closing Mark Home Loan. We are strongly considering submitting a formal complaint to the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and any similar state agency in Colorado and/or California, as we feel that there were instances that pushed the boundaries of acceptable and, possible, legal behavior. 
The entire loan process with this company, from start to finish, has been unprofessional at best to downright deceptive and, potentially, life-impacting. We have been forgotten, lied to, and put into stressful situations that, frankly, should never happen. We have been through multiple account officers and underwriters, been asked to submit documents multiple times, been told falsehoods, and, upon completing closing on XX/XX/XXXX, we received letters that appeared to be informing us that we had been denied for the loan that we closed on. 
The following is a summarized narrative of the timeline from starting the prequalification process to closing on the mortgage. This timeline has been compiled based upon timestamped communication ( both written and digital ). 
We started this journey in XX/XX/2019, upon starting the prequalification process. We submitted the requested information to XXXX XXXX XXXX ( herein after XXXX )  and promptly received a response on XX/XX/XXXX. At that time, we received an initial workbook which showed us the expected loan amount, down payment amount, fees, etc. The individual that we started with was extremely responsive and helpful, answering any of our questions promptly and clearly. 
We toured the community and decided that it was a good fit for us. At that time, we were given the option of looking for outside financing options or pursuing financing with the related company, XXXX ; the related financing came with builder incentives. At no point were we pressured by the sales team at XXXX to go with XXXX. However, as we had already started the prequalification process ( and the subsequent hard hit to our credit scores ) and because of the very good service we had received to date, as well as the healthy builder incentive, we signed the sales contract with the commitment to pursue the mortgage through XXXX. The contract was completed on XX/XX/XXXX, following a discussion with both the sales team at XXXX and the XXXX representative. 
On XX/XX/XXXX ( a Saturday ), we reached out to the XXXX representative to see what the next financing steps would be, as the sales team indicated that the mortgage company would reach out to us. The next day ( a Sunday ), the XXXX representative informed us that he would be running an automated approval and would reach out if he needed additional documents. We took this to mean that our application was complete enough to start the clock and was in process. At this point, we had not been told that additional documents would be required to complete our application, just that there may be a need for additional documentation. 
We did not hear back from the XXXX representative after that point. On XX/XX/XXXX ( a Saturday, nearly two full calendar weeks from last contact ), we reached out to the XXXX representative again. By XX/XX/XXXX ( Wednesday ), we emailed the XXXX sales team for assistance ; they referred us to the president of the mortgage company. We were informed, by the president of the company, that the XXXX representative that had been handling our application had abruptly left XXXX and that our application had not been passed onto another case manager/loan officer. By that time, our required loan approval date had passed ; this date was stipulated in our sales contract. 
We were connected with a new XXXX representative ( herein after referred to as new XXXX representative or loan officer ) who informed us via email that our application was incomplete and that nothing had been processed in the intervening time. Again, we had been under the impression that our application was complete and in process since mid-XXXX. At that point, again, nearly two weeks had passed, and we did not receive a formal notification of incompleteness. 
During the subsequent document collection period, the loan officer asked we could put down another half percent, which would increase our down payment to 3.5 % of the sales price. We agreed that we could afford the extra 0.5 %, but asked if she was considering an FHA loan. She informed us that she was looking at that option. At that point, we stated that we did not want to pursue an FHA loan, but said that we would consider it if we could see all the financing options that she could offer us. We asked that we be provided with a worksheet showing all the offerings that we could qualify for, so that we could pick the option that best matched our needs. We never received a product comparison worksheet despite the written request. Additionally, we did not receive an updated worksheet showing our expected costs at this time. 

Subsequently, as we were loading additional documents into the XXXX portal when we noticed that we had a loan details section available. We opened that section of the webpage and saw that our loan had been started under an FHA program, despite the fact that we had told our loan officer that we did not want an FHA loan and despite the fact that we had not been given a worksheet showing our product options. We communicated to the loan officer that we emphatically did not want the FHA loan, as the fees associated with the loan would negate any benefit from going with XXXX, based upon the builder incentives. Additionally, both of us have strong credit scores and did not need the credit support to qualify for a mortgage. Instead of giving us a workbook showing us our different financing options, the loan officer changed the product type for the mortgage to a XXXX  XXXX  conventional loan. Again, at no point were we allowed to select our product type ( or informed that XXXX only offered a limited product selection ). We were not given the information needed to make an informed decision. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received the first set of loan disclosure documents ; we were not talked through our product choices at this point. We promptly signed the loan disclosures, after saving a copy and reviewing in detail. At this point, we received our first estimate ( aside from the prequalification estimate provided in XXXX ) that showed our expected loan costs, rate, fees, etc. This information was not provided ahead of time and we were informed that we had only 72 hours to sign the documents. We were not given options on product type or any other factor. Additionally, we were not offered any assistance in understanding the documents that we were given or any help working through the legalese. 

It should be noted that we were informed, only by the disclosures, that the PMI would not be cancellable due to rising home values. At the outset, the original XXXX  representative implied ( though, notably, did not explicitly state ), that the home could be reappraised after a period of time and the new value used for the LTV calculation. Under the subsequent disclosures, it was apparent that the PMI could only cancellable via loan payments compared to the original appraised value at closing. While not a major issue, it is notable because it is contradictory to information that we had at outset. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received an automated email informing us that we had updated disclosures to sign. The email did not indicate what the changes were, nor did the loan officer notify us at any point that changes had been made. Upon reviewing the disclosures, the changes were the addition of a TILA form ( that we did not receive in our original packet ), an additional {$200.00} fee, and the removal of our {$5000.00} earnest money deposit. As a result, our updated disclosures indicated that we would owe an additional {$5000.00} in cash for our down payment at closing.

We reached out the same date to the loan officer and received a response that equated to her not knowing what was going on. Upon further research, she informed us that she wasnt sure why the earnest money deposit was removed and that she would make sure that we would get updated documents showing the amount. We were told to be confident that the credit would be given at closing. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we were introduced via email to a loan processor ( herein after loan processor or underwriter ; this introduction came directly from the loan processor and the loan officer was not involved in the introduction. At this time, the loan processor stated that our loan was conditionally approved, dependent upon two document lists. One list was to be provided as soon as possible, while the other was due within 60 days of closing. At this point, we were at about a month and a half out from the point at which we had been originally led to believe that our application was complete.

Many of the documents requested at this time had already been submitted as part of our original loan package or the subsequent package initiated by the loan officer. We had to resend many of the documents and enter them onto an online portal. 

It should be noted, at this point, we sent images ( pictures ) of several of the documents to the loan processor. This was not an issue and she did not request that the documents be scanned or otherwise in a different format. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we began reaching out to the loan officer to get information for the mortgagee clause, as our insurance agent was requesting it before he could start the formal application and estimate process on his side. The next day, we were informed that a new loan processor ( different from the current underwriter ) would provide that information to our agent. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we reached out to the loan processor, as we had not heard from her since we submitted our documents ( largely completed in XXXX ). On XX/XX/XXXX, she responded and said that she received all our documents that that everything looks good at this time. She said that she would reach out closer to closing, but did not state why. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received an email from the loan officer informing us that XXXX had acquired Closing Mark Home Loans ( herein after CMHL ) and that our mortgage application would be acquired by CMHL. The email stated that our mortgage would be redisclosed and that we would need to sign updated disclosures. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received a notification from CMHL stating that the XXXX mortgage application had been migrated to the new platform. We received new loan disclosures at that time. 

The XX/XX/XXXX letter informed us that we would be receiving an updated conditional approval. This is a month after we had originally been conditionally approved. The loan officer did not reach out to explain that a new application had been started on the new platform, hence the approval process was started over entirely. The document informed us that our application was started XX/XX/XXXX, though it was not explicitly made clear that it was a completely new loan application and not just a formality due to the new system. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received the formal scheduling request for closing, via Closing Mark Settlement Services. While this was scheduled, we had not yet received a formal approval, final disclosures, or closing instructions. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received 3 options for the interest rate lock. The option sheet was sent only with instructions to look at Options 1, 2 and 3, with no explanation for the calculations, differences, or any other factors. Upon reviewing them, the only option that we could follow the math on was Option 3. Given the previous difficulties in obtaining information from the loan officer, we decided to lock on the option that we could follow. Based on our math, the other two options did not appear to conform to standard amortization at the listed interest rates, but, again, we could not follow the math. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received our updated disclosures for the interest rate lock. This disclosure, like previous disclosures, did not have any charge for points. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received an email from the president of the mortgage company. This email informed us that XXXX was legally required to close out the application and that we would soon be receiving a notice from XXXX  that would show that XXXX  no longer had an active application in the system for us ; the email stated that the communication that we would receive could include language stated that the application was denied, but that it would not impact our ongoing application with CMHL. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received a Changed Circumstance letter. This letter added a {$770.00} fee, amounting to 0.25 % of the loan amount, as points, as part of the origination costs. This fee was not explained to us. The letter stated that it was due to the credit report/credit score and credit report/mortgage insurance. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received an email titled XXXX/XXXX XXXX XXXX Conditional Loan Approval. This email included a list of new documents to provide, including new disclosures, new bank statements, new paystubs, insurance quote, and college transcripts. It should be noted that we were told, in the body of the email, that the documents needed to be provided asap. At this point, we were not offered a secure way to send our documents. We could email them back to the loan processor directly or fax them. 

At this point, we were also informed that we could not send pictures of documents to the loan processor, despite having been able to send images previously. While navigable, this put a fair amount of undue pressure on us, as we had to find a way to scan our documents to be able to send them via email. We also found that we had a significant amount of pressure from the loan processor to provide the documents quickly On XX/XX/XXXX, we received disclosures to sign. On XX/XX/XXXX, we emailed the loan officer and asked if the disclosures were the final set and if the listed cash to close amount was the amount we needed to get our cashiers check for closing. We were informed that the disclosures given were the final set. 

The XX/XX/XXXX documents additionally included a waiver for the receipt of the appraisal within the timing required by ECOA section 1002.14 ( a ) ( 1 ). 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we received the appraisal on the property. This property appraisal had been completed on XX/XX/XXXX. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we emailed our loan officer to ask about what name to put on the cashiers check for closing, as we never received closing instructions. While this email was sent on a Saturday, we had previously received prompt responses from all parties, even on weekends. We had no reason to believe that we would not hear back prior to closing on XX/XX/XXXX. 

We received no further communication from the mortgage company, nor any of its agents, prior to closing. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, we closed on the mortgage. Our appointment to close was at XXXX. We arrived at approximately XXXX, as our previous meeting for the day had ended more quickly than expected. We were prepared to wait until XXXX. Our closing agent came out at around XXXX and told us that our application had not yet been approved by CMHL and that she was, as a result, still, waiting for documents. She also informed us that she had not yet received the final closing disclosure and that, as a result, our cash to close amount had not yet ben finalized. 

At about XXXX, our closing agent informed us that she had received several closing disclosures for our application that day. She then stated that the final closing amount had been set by CMHL, as she had confirmed the most recent disclosure with the wire processor. We were short on our original check ( which was stated as the final amount, as previously noted ) and were forced to go back to our bank. We had to come up with about {$800.00} on the spot to be able to close. At this point, our closing documents were not yet available. 

We signed our documents at our XXXX PM on XX/XX/XXXX. We waited at the settlement office until nearly XXXX XXXX for the final wire to be sent by the processing agent. We were given no explanation for the significant wait. 

After closing, we returned to our then-current residence for the night. We checked our mail. We found two letters which were mailed to us ( one for each of us ), which stated that our loan had been denied. The letters were dated XX/XX/XXXX, but had not been mailed and post-marked until XX/XX/XXXX. These letters were related to the hand-off from XXXX to CMHL. As previously noted, we had been told in XXXX that we may receive a formal denial letter, due to the new application being opened. As given by the discrepancy between the letter and postmark dates, it appears that these letters were held back for some reason. The reason was not given to us at any point in the application process. 

The following day, XX/XX/XXXX, we received an email from our loan officer apologizing for the delay in response to our question regarding our closing and a statement that she hoped our closing went okay. No comments were included regarding the fact that our loan had not been approved for the day of closing. We did not respond. 

In summary, the entire process was fraught and full of miscommunications and a lack of communication. Our grievances are summarized below : Our application was forgotten by the mortgage company, as the original representative left and nobody picked up his caseload. 
Our application was implied to have been complete and in process with the original representative. 
o At no point did we receive a formal notice of incompleteness, despite ongoing requests for information over several months. 
o We were not given a complete checklist of all the information that we would need to provide throughout the life of the application and approval process. 
We were not given product comparisons between available options, despite multiple requests for such information. 
We were originally put into a product type that we explicitly stated that we did not want. 
o While we do not know the details of the XXXX/CMHL compensation structure, we have been informed by multiple individuals from outside financial institutions that FHA loans often generate a larger incentive fee for the loan officer. We believe that this could be the reason for the initial assignment.

We were given contradictory information throughout the process. This includes receiving documents which did not include {$5000.00} in cash we had already paid ; while this was resolved, this issue was never explained to us.

We were not given explanations for multiple adjustments and changes to fees and amounts through out the process.

o Our loan officer did not make any attempt to explain any of the forms, procedures, or documents that we received. We were forced to make our best attempt at understanding the files that we had to sign. 
o When setting our rate lock, the loan officer did not explain the difference between the given options. As previously stated, two of the options did not mathematically calculate to the payments given.

o We are better informed than most consumers, as one of us works for a commercial bank. Even then, we had trouble with some of the documents and it is baffling that we received no guidance from the loan officer.

We were denied a secure way to send documents to the loan processor.

o Additionally, a format which had previously been acceptable for files, was no longer acceptable. We were not given an explanation for this discrepancy. 
We were not given closing instructions. When we reached out for instructions ( admitted at the 11th hour ), we did not receive a response. This is out of line with prior behavior, as we had previously received prompt communication even outside of normal business hours. 
o The response from the lender was given a business day after our closing. It should be noted that this response did not include any of the requested information. 
Our loan was not approved prior to the day of our closing and, in actuality, we had to wait for the application to be approved and for documents to be prepared and sent to our closing agent. 
o While we are not sure of the industry standard for loan approvals and preparation of loan documents for mortgages, it does not seem unreasonable to expect that the process should be completed well prior to the day of closing. 
o This caused a significant amount of personal stress, as our closing agent could not give us an expected timeline. We were left unaware of if we were going to be able to close on our scheduled date or if we would need to be rescheduled. 
This is significant, as we had already made arrangements for our moving process, including cancelling our lease with our prior residence, booking and prepaying for moving equipment, and taking time off from work ( including taking time for the day of closing itself ). 
We received a formal loan denial after our closing, with the denial letters being sent on XX/XX/XXXX. Given that XX/XX/XXXX was a holiday, it seems likely that the letters were sent so as to not be received until after closing. 
o The letters were dated XX/XX/XXXX, which means that the letters were held back for well over a month. While we are not sure on the required disclosure timelines for consumer loans, we have been informed that it is often 10 days from the decision date. This delivery falls well outside of that window."		ClosingMark Financial Services, LLC	CO	802XX		Consent provided	Web	11/15/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3439091
6/18/20	Credit card or prepaid card	General-purpose credit card or charge card	Problem when making payments	Problem during payment process			Synovus Bank	MN	551XX			Web	6/24/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3704229
4/4/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	CA	90037		Consent not provided	Web	4/4/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3202249
11/20/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account information incorrect	I would like the credit bureau to correct my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX balance. My correct balance is XXXX	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	TX	77004		Consent provided	Web	11/20/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3444592
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	"MY NAME IS XXXX XXXX XXXX I live at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX SC XXXX My DOB XXXX my SS XXXX. I have addresses on my file that are not mine please remove the following addresses : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, NY XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, NJ XXXX. 
I have attach my proof of ID and address."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	SC	297XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379924
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Improper use of your report	Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize	Spoke w XXXX XXXX XX/XX/19 XXXX XXXX cat at TransUnion. Refused to remove unauthorized inquiries from XXXX, XXXX XX/XX/19, XXXX XXXX XXXX.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	WI			Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3380144
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL			Other	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3380448
10/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"Accounts added and/or created unbeknownst to me Notice to whom it be of concern, It is YOU I hold accountable and accuse of complicity in exercise of malevolent did-compliance. I hereby mark you as likely one that I might one day view in civil discord as the "" would be plaintiffs '', yet I declare to you your unjust claim is to be met with deliberate and determined resistance and counteraction. In is in clarity that your Claim of Non-Medical debt Collection is insufficient for collections much less reporting. You MUST DELETE this unjust injurious allegation because it is significantly deficient of the requisite certified reporting compliance ( such as perfect metro 2 format reporting ) and testimonial evidence of the PHYSICALLY VERIFIABLE PROOF OF VALIDATION as related to the full truth, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, ownership, identity of true debtor, dates, balances, audits, calculations, source codes, creditor collection code, 426-chrc P6 statement and its associated trailing fragments, the minimal five portioned personal identifiers, the pay statuses, the required 386-pieces of confirmation to collection, and elsewise standard or mandatory for proper reporting, mentioned or not. 



Although I am checking for and addressing missing and or deficient aspects of REPORTING COMPLIANCES and not contesting any debt of compliant nature, I should make you aware that since unlawful reporting transitions collection into an equally not complaint circumstance. Being still yet not validated by document fact in compliance to requisite standards, it is to be announced yet again that legally I have no knowledge of the validity of the alleged claims of delinquency and or derogatory nature, nor of the certifiably compliant matter to either any of its collection attempts and or its reporting despite previous consumer filed composed complaints checking for each. Might it be known, especially shall I elect to take this matter up to a civil court, any debt and or derogatory claim must be pursued ( particularly for collection ) in a very defined and precisely compliant and physically verifiable or certifiable manner as detailed in the requisite obeyed federal and state collection and reporting regulations associated with any of the above noted said claim ( s ) to include but not limited to the FCBA, FCRA, HIPAA PRIVACY RULE, FACTA, FDCPA and TCPA, etc. ADDITIONALLY, if an entity acts as a collector and also elects to act as a reporting party of consumer credit they must as well adhere to every single one even each any and all of the regulatory reporting requisites and standards of reporting with legal standing in full accordance of laws and accepted reporting standards. To date, the plaintiff has failed to demonstrate any capacity or willingness to validate the alleged debt much less certify the fair, accurate, complete and compliant reporting of the claims, particularly being significantly deficient is any display of certified metro 2 compliance. As such, given the fact of recent breaches of information collection repositories, I am hesitating to readily accept what is presented without testimonial and certified physically verifiable document evidence of claim as being legitimate. I deny nothing, yet I reserve the right to question any unproven claim. I do NOT accept the statement of claim of the plaintiff and I call for the court to reject their claim as untrue, unverified, incomplete, not compliant or otherwise invalid and thereby reject-able and dischargeable which requirement to be dismissed in full. I demand said court resolution today, even here and now in full accords of regulatory statutes, mentioned by me or not. 


1 ) To date, I have received no knowledge of ever entering into any contractual relationship with the to-be plaintiff ( s ) { should I forward into a civil complaint } or with the entity ( ies ) that allegedly issued against me the defaulted line of credit ( s ) or accusations similar. This despite repeated calls to the accusers to demonstrate the requisite presented physically verifiable document proof of adequately acquired permissible purpose from the exactly and only individual irrefutably identified as being me. I have no acknowledgement of a relationship with the parties mentioned, in any form. 


2 ) I have no knowledge of ever knowingly acknowledging ( or even unknowingly doing so ) that I owe any proven and compliantly reported debt, much less the claim of unproven debt alleged in this written declaration CHECKING for not only VALIDITY of CLAIMS but also DOCUMENT PROOF IN CERTIFIABLE TESTIMONY as to the factual and complete COMPLIANCE to all standards and laws, even the mandatory Metro 2 Format Compliance. Its obvious that the allegations filed by the accusers ( or to-be plaintiff ) are in clear subterfuge of act, be it in willful disregard of ethical practices or be it done so in ignorance of requisite ethical and regulatory compliant behavior during their accusations, collection efforts and credit reporting of claims. The vile nature of their derelict is unjustly injurious and unlawful no doubt. I again call for a dismissal of to-be plaintiffs statement of claim ( s ) and discharge of misreported delinquencies and derogatory behavior that the accusers complaint is undeniably unfairly lodged versus me. 


3 ) I have no knowledge of ever receiving any proven or document facts in statement of account or account aspects for these items of alleged debt and delinquent actions. Again, I reiterate I have called on the accusers to present to be document certifiably true, correct, complete, and adequately compliant documentation in full validation of claims, rights to collect alleged claims, and rights to report alleged claims. Let it be true that COMPLIANCE of regulatory requisites is MANDATORY not OPTIONAL. Plaintiffs claims are mute of legal standing in full accordance of law and must be dismissed. 


4 ) I have no knowledge of ever entering into an open account with to-be Plaintiff ( s ) or with the entity ( ies ) that allegedly issued me the defaulted line of credit ( s ) or derogatory claims of credit. 


5 ) FACT IS, no claim above has even submitted adequate compliant proof of the genesis of any consumer/creditor relationship and their inability to prove application, permissible purpose for said alleged application, consumer/creditor agreement in contract describing a relationship related to alleged claim of account and or debt ( s ), and or otherwise derelict documentation of claim ( s ) inherently makes invalid the to-be Plaintiffs whole statement of claim in this summons or complaint. I request court to resolve adequately and compliantly as required with the immediate eradication of complaint charge ( s ) and rectification of any injurious collection or reporting practices. Again, COMPLIANCE of APPROPRIATE COLLECTION PRACTICES and equally COMPLIANCE of APPROPRIATE and COMPLETE REPORTING PRACTICES is MANDATORY, NOT OPTIONAL. 


6 ) As it stands, until PROVEN OTHERWISE, the complaining to-be Plaintiff ( s ) does so unjustly, unethically, and likely illegally so in absolute deficiency of requisite legal standing in full accordance of applicable laws ( mentioned or not ), both to collection practices and as well with reporting practices, particularly in the inability or unwillingness to timely and fully certify physically verifiable document proof in full validity of debt claim or compliance of reporting, even to the mandatory Metro 2 format. As such, here again I declare my right and preference to stand against all claims of the to-be Plaintiff ( s ) and call on your authority and INTEGRITY to ensure truth of claim, correctness of claim, completeness of claim, ownership and responsibility of any debt ( s ) or delinquencies of debt alleged in above noted claim ( s ), perfect and prove-able compliance of collection actions related to claim ( s ), and compliance of reporting actions related to claim ( s ) ... ... ... ... ... ... .."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	327XX		Consent provided	Web	10/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3416197
2/20/19	Mortgage	VA mortgage	Trouble during payment process		"Last year, we had two significant hailstorms, and my house required substantial repairs. My insurance company paid for the repairs but required my mortgage company to co-sign on my check. I sent them three checks valued at : {$1400.00}, {$2800.00}, and {$23000.00}. They withheld 10 % of the total value of my claim ( {$4700.00} ) until the work was 90 % complete. They must inspect all work before they disperse portions of your insurance check. Several of my fellow soldiers on XXXX XXXX warned me that this company was taking their money and placing it an interest-bearing account then refusing to disperse the money when the work was complete. 
On XX/XX/2019, we contacted LoanCare to get an inspector to my home. They failed to send an inspector for nearly two months and refused to allow me to speak to a supervisor. I've requested an inspector every week since and to talk to a supervisor and they continue to ignore my requests. They typically say, "" it's been escalated, '' or "" there's no supervisor available you one to call in 48 hours '', and "" the vendor hasn't responded. '' Despite my frequent requests, there has been no inspection scheduled, no supervisor has ever contacted me, and the remaining funds have not been released. I need to pay my contractors and shouldn't suffer consequences because of the company 's inability to assign an inspector."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	LoanCare, LLC	CO	808XX	Servicemember	Consent provided	Web	2/20/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3156629
6/6/19	Mortgage	Conventional home mortgage	Trouble during payment process			Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law	Ditech Financial LLC	AL	355XX	Older American	N/A	Phone	6/6/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3266569
11/23/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	The credit bureaus are reporting inaccurate/outdated/incomplete personal information.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NC	280XX		Consent provided	Web	11/23/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448432
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	The previous addresses reported on my behalf are incorrect.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	TX	769XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379049
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	I am a victim of identity theft. The information listed below, which appears on my credit report, does not relate to any transaction ( s )  that I have made. It is the result of identity theft.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	PA	191XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379372
9/23/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	XXXX and Transunion are incorrectly reporting a charge-off account where I am shown as an Authorized User on the XXXX partial account number ****XXXX. ( Please see page attached from my credit report. ) I have already called the bank and let them know that I never gave permission to be added as an Authorized User on this account. This incorrect reporting of me as an authorized user is harming my credit score and this line item needs to be removed from my credit report. I have contacted the two bureaus to fix this issue, however I have not been successful.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA	953XX		Consent provided	Web	9/23/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3383410
4/8/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	OH	432XX		Consent not provided	Web	4/8/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3205076
4/25/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Was not notified of investigation status or results		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	MD	21228		Consent not provided	Web	4/25/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3222658
12/21/18	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Old information reappears or never goes away	All dates on accounts are almost showing present, no one can provide a contract with a ink signature showing I opened or have Any connection to the accounts and the ones are mine are from 2011 and prior far to old to be showing		Optimum Outcomes, Inc.	GA	300XX		Consent provided	Web	12/21/18	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3107376
5/29/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Improper use of your report	Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize			Southeast Finance Inc.	PA	18045		Consent not provided	Web	5/29/19	Untimely response	No	N/A	3255106
7/30/19	Mortgage	Conventional home mortgage	Trouble during payment process			Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	LoanCare, LLC	MI	48178		Consent not provided	Web	7/30/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3323588
9/25/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NY	11553		Consent not provided	Web	9/25/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3386496
8/16/19	Debt collection	Medical debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive notice of right to dispute	Re:Commonwealth Financial SystemsXXXX XXXX XXXX.XXXX XXXX, PA. XXXXXXXXThey have violated the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the Fair Debt Reporting Act and from what they told me, this is their standard business practice. I received my first notice from Commonwealth Financial Systems on or around XX/XX/2019. The letter is dated XX/XX/2019. The letter states that I have 30 days to dispute the debt and if they do not hear from me within that time, then the debt is considered valid. Well, they reported it to my credit report on XX/XX/2019 without ever giving me 30 days to dispute the debt. They have reported debt to my credit report that they have not validated. I called their office and spoke to the supervisor XXXX XXXX, and she said they report it to the credit bureau within 30 days from the time they receive the debt. This is their standard practice. She said they received the debt XX/XX/2019. I would have no way of knowing this without them mailing me a notice, which they did not bother to send until XX/XX/2019. They are reporting debt that they have stated they do not even know if it's valid. I do not even know what this debt is. She said she would remove it from my credit report for the next 30-45 days as they are working on validating the debt. They are only supposed to be reporting the debt after the consumer has been given written notice and a chance to dispute the debt. The fact that this is their standard business practice is appalling. Please look into this company. Thank you,XXXX  XXXX		Commonwealth Financial Systems, Inc.	FL	334XX		Consent provided	Web	8/16/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3343674
11/23/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	I am a victim of identity theft I have contacted credit bureaus on numerous occasions to have incorrect or outdated personal information removed, however they are refusing to remove the information stating that the item came back validated even though the information is not correct.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NV			Consent provided	Web	11/23/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448530
7/11/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Threatened to contact someone or share information improperly	Contacted your employer	National Credit Management called my place of business, spouse and family members stating I had already spoken to him XXXX XXXX at XXXX ext XXXX, after I had already made arrangements with the debtor to pay the balance. The date has not passed but he continues to call these places after I told him this information.	Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law	National Collection Systems, Inc.	TX	774XX		Consent provided	Web	7/11/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3303375
7/5/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt			CAINE & WEINER COMPANY, INC.	CT	6513	Servicemember	N/A	Referral	7/5/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3296862
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	XXXX ; XXXX and Transunion are reporting incorrectly that I am ( 60 ) days late on the XXXX XXXX account number XXXX. ( Please see page attached from my credit report. ) This account reports a {$0.00} balance and {$0.00} past due. Please keep in mind that it is impossible to be late on an account that has a {$0.00} balance and {$0.00} past due. This incorrect reporting is harming my credit score and these line items need to be removed from my credit report. I have contacted the ( 3 ) bureaus to fix this however, I have not been successful.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA			Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379430
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	"I have a few situations going on with my credit file. I have had a few addresses that need updated. My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX My address is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX OH XXXX. PLEASE DELETE REMOVE THE FOLLOWING : XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XX/XX/2002 XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , XXXX, OH XXXX. 
I would like a new report sent with my information updated correctly."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	OH	432XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379615
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	The credit bureaus are reporting inaccurate/outdated/incomplete personal information.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NY			Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379747
10/25/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	I would like to request the suppression of the following items from my credit report, which are the result of my falling victim to identity theft. This information does not relate to [ transactions that I have made/accounts that I have opened ], as the attached supporting documentation can attest. As such, it should be blocked from appearing on my credit report pursuant to section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA			Consent provided	Web	10/25/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3417710
4/7/20	Debt collection	Mortgage debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt was paid	Hey, I'm a student at XXXX Tech. This debt was late but I paid it. I contact the company. Credit is very important to me, I'm an young male trying to build my business. Can I even do a Pay for and delete.		Hunter Warfield, Inc.	VA	240XX		Consent provided	Web	4/8/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3597159
11/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	331XX		Other	Web	11/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448875
7/4/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), you are required by federal law to verify -through the physical verification of the original signed consumer contract -any and all accounts you post on a credit report. Otherwise, anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account. 
I demand to see Verifiable Proof ( an original Consumer Contract with my Signature on it ) you have on file of the accounts listed below. Your failure to positively verify these accounts has hurt my ability to obtain credit. Under the FCRA, unverified accounts must be removed and if you are unable to provide me a copy of verifiable proof, you must remove the accounts listed below. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX ;"	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	CA	921XX		Consent provided	Web	7/4/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3296094
7/4/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	RI			Other	Web	7/4/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3296462
9/27/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"XX/XX/19 XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX To Whom It May Concern : I have obtain copies of the allege bankruptcies in my name : ( XXXX ; XXXX ) But after carefully reviewing them I notices that the signature appearing in them is not mine, I'm sending a notarize letter with my signature to verify that these items you have listed in my credit do not belong to me and these document can not validate this account because is not my signature there.

It is only fair that in accordance with section 1681 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act you delete this from my credit report and send me an updated copy.

response within two weeks from the date you receive this letter."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	GA	30044	Servicemember	Consent provided	Web	9/27/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3388321
1/8/19	Student loan	Federal student loan servicing	Dealing with your lender or servicer	Received bad information about your loan	"XXXX XXXX refuses to accurately calculate the number of qualifying payments I have made on my student loan toward Public Service Loan Forgiveness. I sent in my last public service Employment Certification Form in XX/XX/XXXX and now it's XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX XXXX still has NOT calculated my qualifying payments accurately. 
As of the XX/XX/XXXX date, I have made 68 qualifying payments. XXXX has reported to me random numbers, all less than 68. In fact, just recently it lowered the number of payments I made without explanation, without documentation, without reason. 
That it takes XXXX XXXX  nearly a year to count up payments accurately is a terribly sad indictment on the competence of this agency and its representatives. It's time for Federal intervention."		AES/PHEAA	TX	761XX		Consent provided	Web	1/8/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3119955
11/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	330XX		Other	Web	11/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448817
4/14/18	Mortgage	Conventional home mortgage	Trouble during payment process		"The mortgage company ( Roundpoint Mortgageg ) misread the Flood Insurance coverage dates for my condo and incorrectly determined I did not not have coverage. They subsequently purchased coverage for my condo and the entire association and increased my monthly payment by {$1000.00}.

The coverage is in place via the Condo Association. I have sent the mortgage company the the Flood Insurance policy the condo association has with proof of coverage. They have acknowledged receipt of the XX/XX/XXXX page. I have called numerous times and explained the situation the insurance coverage purchased by the mortgage company be removed and my monthly payment be corrected. I have been told that they will correct the issue and it is still not fixed. Dates below : XX/XX/XXXX - I first called to ask why my payment increased. They stated I did not have flood insurance. I told them this was purchased via condo assoc, They told me to send copy of policy. 

XX/XX/XXXX - Insurance Company sent me a confirmation that a copy of the policy had been sent to mortgage company via mail.

XX/XX/XXXX - I emailed a copy of insurance policy to mortgage company. I also called mortgage company and they said I also needed to submit escrow waiver request. So I also emailed escrow waiver request on XX/XX/XXXX.

XX/XX/XXXX - I received an email confirmation from Mortgage company that they had received the copy of the insurance policy.

XX/XX/XXXX - I called the customer service number and the rep said the account should be updated within 7 days. It was not.XX/XX/XXXX - I called the customer service number and the rep again said the account would be updated in 7 days. It is still not fixed. 


It has been over 45 days since I first contacted them and nothing has been resolved. This was their error to begin with."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	RoundPoint Mortgage Servicing Corporation	IL	600XX		Consent provided	Web	4/14/18	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	2875337
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Improper use of your report	Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize	I have written the following companies and I have not yet to receive any type of response. Im requesting to get these items removed because I did authorize these companies to pull my credit. Its going on 60 days since I write these companies. I requesting that these inquiries be deleted from my credit file/ all credit report/ credit ( Transunion, XXXX and XXXX ). Here  are the following companies : XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX   XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX/XXXX-XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX   XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ; XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX XXXX / XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX. ; XXXX	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	349XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3380110
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Investigation took more than 30 days	I would like too see is if some of the old hard inquiries could be removed from my credit report	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	TX	773XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3380039
10/26/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Public record information inaccurate	"XXXX sold this information to the credit bureaus, Reporting public records when courts itself do not furnish any of this information! This is illegal so remove it or verify it with the court system. If no proof found, therefore it must be deleted. 

Chapter XXXX Bankruptcy Case Number : XXXX"	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NV	891XX		Consent provided	Web	10/26/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3418405
4/1/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NY	11423		Consent not provided	Web	4/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3197931
10/9/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX XXXX, NC XXXX To : Equifax/XXXX/XXXX & Attorney General/Consumer Finance/XXXX. 

RE : Request to Block Unauthorized Collection Accounts and Inquiries from Credit Report under FCRA 605B Again, I am in receipt of a credit file that indicates more fraudulent activity, in the form of Collection Agencies demanding that I pay them monies for accounts that I have never engaged in setting up! Also, there are credit account inquiries on my reports that shows applications for credit that I have not engaged in and should be immediately removed without prejudice! 

I am a victim of identity theft. The information listed below, which appears on my credit report, is the result of identity theft in XXXX The affected accounts are listed below. 

XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCT : XXXX XXXX : {$650.00} Also, the following unauthorized Credit Inquiries will be removed immediately without prejudice : XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX   XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX/XXXX FOR XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX XXXX/XXXX  XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX I have enclosed my FTC Identity Theft Report showing the fraudulent items. 
I have continuously been in contact with Equifax, XXXX, and XXXX via the CFPB. Investigations have been continuously, with previous verdicts not in my favor from XXXX, Equifax and XXXX, However, Equifax ( which is the Bureau that previously leaked millions on Consumers information and was the sole target of one of the largest data breaches in history ), has not complied and WILL NOT comply with this request. XXXX and XXXX  all seem to gloss over my request with pleasure. 
This is again a demand to remove such information from the report in question. 
Please block this information from my credit report, as directed by section 605B of  the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and notify all furnishers of this information. 


I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter, and await your reply. 
Sincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX Enclosures : XX/XX/XXXX"		EQUIFAX, INC.	NC	28215	Servicemember	Consent provided	Web	10/9/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3400576
2/20/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	The following events occurred over the last 17 years which I believe led to the my identity theft. In XXXX I lost my social security card, in the year XXXX I was affected by the XXXX data breach, XXXX I was affect by the XXXX XXXX security breach on my account for my children, XXXX I lost my wallet which included my state issued drivers license and other information and I lost my social in the year XXXX as well. I believe the above events led to thieves using my identity to open the accounts reported.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	NC			Consent provided	Web	2/20/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3157859
10/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect	The credit bureaus are reporting inaccurate/outdated/incomplete personal information.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	GA	303XX		Consent provided	Web	10/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3416227
6/17/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA	90505		Consent not provided	Web	6/17/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3276937
10/1/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	XXXX and Transunion are incorrectly reporting me as an Authorized User on the XXXX  XXXX partial account number ****XXXX. ( Please see page attached from my credit report. ) I called the bank and let them know that I did not give permission to be added as an Authorized User. They removed me as an Authorized User on XXXX. I have contacted the bureaus to fix this issue however, I have not been successful. This negative reporting is harming my credit score and this line item needs to be removed from my credit report.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	MO	657XX		Consent provided	Web	10/1/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3391552
10/2/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account information incorrect	XXXX # XXXX is reporting lates on mine and my husband 's joint account that I should not have. We had this on auto-pay and never received any statements for it. We changed our address and had a forwarding address so there was no reason for us not to get these. Our mortgage went up and we never received notice or a phone call so we did not know to make higher payments, again this was on auto pay and we did not know the payment changed.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	UT	841XX		Consent provided	Web	10/2/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3393060
11/23/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Investigation took more than 30 days		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	CA	95628		Consent not provided	Web	11/23/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448451
8/12/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Personal information incorrect		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CA	90723		N/A	Fax	8/12/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3337124
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	335XX		Other	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3380462
5/7/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt is not yours		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Convergent Resources, Inc.	IN	462XX		Consent not provided	Web	5/7/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3234945
5/14/19	Debt collection	I do not know	False statements or representation	Attempted to collect wrong amount		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE	FL	33308		Consent not provided	Web	5/14/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3241562
11/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	330XX		Other	Web	11/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448558
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account information incorrect	Contacted 6 times regarding incorrect reporting. I have never received verification of account. Disputes just marked as closed without verification or correct updating.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	WI			Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379971
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"I have a late payment showing on my credit report that doesn't below to me. XXXX   XXXX authorized User account XXXX. This is a closed account that I am not financially responsible for please remove the negative item immediately. 
My name is XXXX XXXX SS XXXX DOB XXXX please remove the late payment from my credit report. I am no longer on that account!"	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	OH	432XX		Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379754
1/17/19	Mortgage	Conventional home mortgage	Trouble during payment process		I have been trying to get my Private Mortgage Insurance Removed from my mortgage since XX/XX/XXXX when my mortgage dropped below 80 % loan to value. Last year my mortgage was sold from XXXX XXXX  ( Under mortgage # XXXX ) to Ditech Mortgage ( account # XXXX ). I reached out to Ditech via a email ( after being told to do so via phone representative ) request to remove my PMI on mortgage on XX/XX/XXXX and received no response at all from them, I even checked my junk box and nothing was there. My mortgage papers that I signed state an " Automatic Termination of PMI '' that states once my loan is below 78 % loan to value PMI will automatically terminate ( I have attached this document ). I reached out again today on XX/XX/XXXX to make this request via phone and was told initially to send the request that I already sent it too. I asked to speak with a supervisor and after being put on hold for about 30 minutes, I finally spoke to one. They told me that my loan to value must be under 70 % loan to value and that was their policy. After reading this document to the supervisor, I was told that " they don't have that document on file ''. She ( XXXX XXXX ) sent me a link to send her the form I have. I did so and just told me that I'll be hearing from them in 7-10 business days. Given their past history, I highly doubt that I will hear from them. I did mention to the supervisor and ask her why they weren't staying compliant to the homeowners protection act and she said nothing. From my understand this act requires mortgage companies to drop off PMI once loans are below 78 % LTV and the loan is current. I qualify for both of those items and don't understand why this is such a difficult task.	Company believes complaint represents an opportunity for improvement to better serve consumers	Ditech Financial LLC	TX	781XX		Consent provided	Web	1/17/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3126960
4/11/19	Debt collection	Medical debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt			CMRE Financial Services, Inc.	CA	92592		Consent not provided	Web	4/11/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3209665
3/31/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt was result of identity theft			Collection Information Bureau, Inc.	FL	32117		Consent not provided	Web	3/31/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3196937
4/1/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt was paid			Northstar Location Services, LLC	NY	11236		N/A	Postal mail	4/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3197389
11/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	330XX		Other	Web	11/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3448556
8/12/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	TX	77034		Consent not provided	Web	8/13/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3338325
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Public record information inaccurate	Have disputed this reporting with all 3 bureaus, XXXX, Tran Union and XXXX   after verifying with Us Bankruptcy Court XXXX that they do not report bankruptcies to the credit bureaus. Contact was made 6 times in 2019, with no verification from the bureaus and they have not removed the public information of bankruptcy.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	WI			Consent provided	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3379992
3/26/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else			Colony Brands, Inc.	GA	30078	Servicemember	Consent not provided	Web	3/26/19	Closed with explanation	No	N/A	3191715
11/28/18	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect	"In XX/XX/XXXX I obtained a home mortgage loan with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). A credit report inquiry by XXXX revealed one derogatory line on my credit report ( Item 29 XXXX  : see attached ) that was incorrectly still present in my record despite the fact that this debt was satisfied ( paid off ) and signed off by the County Judge ( Order of dismissal with Prejudice ) one year prior ( XX/XX/XXXX Court Order : see attached ). 
I attempted to dispute and resolve this issue directly with the Credit Reporting Agencies with no success. 
I am about to apply for a new home mortgage loan and before I do that I would like to ensure that this derogatory line-item is permanently removed from my file with all 3 major credit reporting agencies. 
I am reaching out to CFPB to help me solve satisfactorily this issue. 

Thank you. 
XXXX XXXX, Consumer"		EQUIFAX, INC.	IN	476XX	Servicemember	Consent provided	Web	11/28/18	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3085700
4/17/19	Checking or savings account	Other banking product or service	Managing an account	Cashing a check		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	WELLS FARGO & COMPANY				N/A	Phone	4/17/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3215291
9/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	330XX		Other	Web	9/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3380365
2/14/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account information incorrect			EQUIFAX, INC.	MS	39501	Older American	N/A	Postal mail	2/14/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3152422
2/16/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"On XX/XX/XXXX I received a letter from the IRS stating my identity may have been compromised. My name is XXXX XXXX and I was XXXX yrs old at the time and a college student. My mom & I sat down as I returned from college and pulled my credit report. Discovered after pulling the Free Annual Credit Report that another person, XXXX XXXX  XXXX, and a car loan & credit card that were not mine were on my credit report. It should be noted it was only on XXXX. We contacted XXXX & Wells Fargo bank to report the fraudulent accounts. They did confirm it was my SS # on file but with someone elses name, DOB, and address. We filled out fraud forms, send police report number, and copies of credit reports. On XX/XX/XXXX & XX/XX/XXXX I received letters from both Wells Fargo & XXXX stating it was discovered to be identity theft and they would have the 3 credit bureaus remove from my credit file. I also placed a freeze on my credit files. 

On XX/XX/XXXX I received a few voicemails from SS office stating my identity may have been compromised yet again. I pulled credit reports again and was shocked to see XXXX  is reporting my file as XXXX XXXX XXXX, his DOB, Addresses, XXXX XXXX is running inquiries ( I dont have ), Wells Fargo credit card is showing closed as of XX/XX/XXXX, last payment XX/XX/XXXX, shows consumer disputes, and last reported XX/XX/XXXX. None of this is mine and was to be removed. 

This person is clearly using my SS # according to XXXX & Wells Fargo. XXXX did their job and removed it for Fraud. Wells Fargo has not. How did a large national bank such as Wells Fargo allow someone to open a credit card in my name without the proper verification. Clearly the other persons name and DOB ( XX/XX/XXXX ) does not match my SS #. Where is the verification on that? They allowed someone to use falsified documents and did not follow verification procedures. I am only XXXX yrs old and have been a victim of identity theft by 2 large companies. Please help me with getting this resolved so myself and others never have this happen again."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	WELLS FARGO & COMPANY	CA	956XX		Consent provided	Web	2/16/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3154014
3/29/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	GA	30132		Consent not provided	Web	3/29/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3195630
4/15/20	Mortgage	FHA mortgage	Struggling to pay mortgage		"I am in the XXXX  industry and have been deeply affected by the Coronavirus, likely more than most. I am a XXXX XXXX as a XXXX XXXXXXXX and XXXX. I have lost 4 months of work and have even been rescheduling in the Fall and losing my remaining good Saturdays for the year. So I will not be making up that money. I filed for unemployment, but because I am XXXX and work in 2 states ( XXXX XXXX area strattles state line ), I was told I had to call in. The call line sends you to a machine which hangs up on you after directing you back online because they are swamped. So I said I only work in Kansas in order to submit it, but no response or check yet. 

We have XXXX  kids and a new home we bought in XXXX of 2019. Our mortgage company is Mr. Cooper. We have missed 2 payments of roughly {$1800.00} each, XXXX and XXXX, so far. I have tried calling, but they also have an automated message directing you back to online and hanging up afterward. But then I discover the only option is a forbearance, admittedly warning I may be disqualified from any stimulus or other aid if I fill it out. On top of that, they say quite sternly XXXX and repeated bluntly by the CEO in a video ) that it is NOT an extension of the life of the loan, but rather a normal extension, requiring a lump sum at the end of the 90 days. As if anyone is saving money right now and able to pay MORE when this nightmare is over! Thats illogical. It is mentioned that payment plans could be made, but this is not what you agree to in the application and it is so arbitrary it is unknown exactly what they could force you to do after agreeing to this form. This seems unwise to enter into. So for these terms, and the threat of not getting aid, I chose not to fill this out. I did however email them explaining this. I have not heard back and they are still not taking calls. 

We can not lose our home. And we can not pay a higher monthly payment. We are scared and dont know how to fix this. Meanwhile, the days are passing by and notices are flooding in. We have been able to pay all our other bills, but that will end this month if unemployment or a stimulus doesnt come soon. 

If anyone can encourage mortgage companies to extend the life of loans, it would help us immensely. I can only imagine how many people are being hurt by filling out this forbearance, which essentially gives zero aid, and only allows for a little time to then make their account current all at once, without any backpay to do so. It seems dishonest and taking advantage of many people forced to choose this only option. They should be held accountable for making things worse on hurting people everywhere."		NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE	KS			Consent provided	Web	4/15/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3607061
4/11/19	Credit card or prepaid card	General-purpose credit card or charge card	Problem with a purchase shown on your statement	Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card			AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY	NC	27028		N/A	Referral	4/11/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3209145
6/29/20	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect			Experian Information Solutions Inc.	FL	33056			Web	6/29/20	In progress	Yes	N/A	3721791
2/20/19	Student loan	Private student loan	Dealing with your lender or servicer	Need information about your loan balance or loan terms	My original lender was XXXX XXXX XXXX ; this loan was considered a private loan that my parents took out to pay for my college education. XXXX XXXX XXXX had switched servicers to XXXX XXXX. The original promissory note I have, shows my father as applicant # 1/borrower, my mother as applicant # 2/co-borrower, and myself as student. This loan originated in XX/XX/XXXX. My father and I share the same name and I feel that has added confusion. My father always made the payments on this loan, as well as, collected tax documents and deductions on this loan, as the borrower. In XX/XX/XXXX, my father passed away from XXXX. My mother contacted XXXX and she was told about loan forgiveness. She submitted my fathers death certificate and she waited 32 days for an answer. Unfortunately, they did not approve the loan for forgiveness. Instead, XXXX has switched me, from student, to borrower and my mother stays as co-borrower. How did I go from being a student on a promissory note, to now the sole borrower? I have called XXXX, and it has been unsuccessful. I have requested documents including the denial letter stating why the loan wasnt forgiven as a result of my father 's death, the promissory note they have on file, as well as the loan terms indicating that I am now legally responsible for this loan. I have had no success in retrieving these documents. I have been told that I am not entitled to these documents from XXXX and to contact XXXX XXXX XXXX for the promissory note. I was told by a XXXX representative that the promissory note they have on file is not legible and she couldnt confirm who was supposed to be borrower/co-borrower. I have contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX, for a copy of the promissory note, by email. I was told by XXXX XXXX XXXX that they do not have the promissory note and to refer to XXXX copy. I have responded to their initial email, requesting more information and they have not responded. There is no contact information for XXXX XXXX XXXX, just an email address. I am doubtful of the information I have been given. I feel I should be entitled to a copy of the denial letter, as well as a legible copy of the promissory note. I would also like to see a copy of the loan terms indicating how I went from being a student, to now the main borrower. I want documentation, and feel it is my consumer right, to have proof that XXXX has that ability to change borrowers and to choose who is made responsible. Though Im hopeful for your timely response and subsequent resolution of my issues, Im fully aware of the 'not-so-positive ' reviews/feedback given to XXXX XXXX and, therefore, will be prepared to submit additional complaints to the XXXX XXXX XXXX , and the Ohio Attorney General.		Nelnet, Inc.	OH			Consent provided	Web	2/25/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3156880
7/5/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive notice of right to dispute	"I worked for XXXX from XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX directly paid XXXX for my internet service at my resident. I never received any billing statement from XXXX. Everything was handled directly between XXXX and XXXX. 
I moved and ended my employment with XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX. I received a letter from XXXX XXXX dated XX/XX/XXXX to my new address attempting to collect {$120.00} for XXXX. I called XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX to resolve issue and they confirmed the account was XXXX corporate account. I also called XXXX XXXX to dispute my collection account. I finally received a letter from XXXX XXXX dated XX/XX/XXXX that they had reviewed account and resolved it. The letter stated "" Our office has reviewed the above-referenced account and we have made the decision to discontinue our collection efforts. Rest assured that no information regarding this account has been reported to the credit bureaus by this agency. '' I thought this issue was resolved and closed. 

However, recently, I checked my credit reports on XX/XX/XXXX and I noticed a collection account is on my file. It damaged my credit score and my credit history. I have disputed with all 3 credit agencies. XXXX and XXXX did not resolve my issue. I requested XXXX  3 times : 1 in XXXX, 1 in XXXX, and 1 in XXXX to send me my dispute result in writing but I still haven't received any in mail. XXXX sent me the investigation results. The letter stated that the Collection account from XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX. I never receive any letter or any notification from XXXX XXXX XXXX before. This is the first time I am aware of the collection account from XXXX XXXX XXXX for the same creditor XXXX is on my credit file. How many collection agencies out there attempting to collect the same account for XXXX? How can I dispute when I never receive any mail or notification from XXXX XXXX XXXX.? 
Please assist me to resolve this issue and make sure the collection account is removed from my credit file."	Company believes the complaint is the result of a misunderstanding	CCS Financial Services, Inc.	TX			Consent provided	Web	7/5/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3296949
3/28/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt is not yours		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	NY	11236		Consent not provided	Web	3/28/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3194082
8/1/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	OH	44122		Consent not provided	Web	8/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3326647
3/29/19	Checking or savings account	Other banking product or service	Managing an account	Banking errors			Colony Brands, Inc.	MI	48336		N/A	Postal mail	4/4/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3195864
7/12/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	Yesterday I went to the dealership shopping for a new car. l was approve with an extremely high interest rate so I checked my credit report again to see why my rate was so high. While doing so I noticed a couple of items on my credit report that are not mine. This is unacceptable. I have reached out to the FTC and to my local police department and I am doing this on my own and need these items deleted from my report. XXXX. XXXX XXXX. XXXX, XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX. US DEP ED, USDOE/XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX USDOE/XXXX. INQUIRIES : XXXX/XXXX, XXXX	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	GA	303XX		Consent provided	Web	7/12/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3304688
2/24/19	Credit card or prepaid card	General-purpose credit card or charge card	Getting a credit card	Card opened as result of identity theft or fraud	I have been in USA two times as XXXX student ( summer work and travel program ) .My first trip was from XX/XX/XXXX till XXXX XXXXDuring first trip I opened XXXX XXXX XXXX checking account and close it right before I left a country at XXXX XXXXSecond trip was from XX/XX/XXXX till XXXX XXXX.During second trip I opened a XXXX XXXX checking account and close it right before I left a country at XXXX XXXXFrom XX/XX/XXXX till XX/XX/XXXX I lived in XXXX. When I came into the USA at XX/XX/XXXX I went to XXXX XXXX bank to renew/reopen my checking account. The banking clerk told me that she cant open for me regular account because of my bad credit history, she opened for my opportunity ( limited ) checking account and suggest to check all my information within a credit bureaus. I was shocked because I haver never apply for any credit lines/loans/credit cards in Unites States till XX/XX/XXXX. After a few months I found out information about credit reports/score/credit history. I login to XXXX and XXXX XXXX to check information under my SSN and find out numerous accounts under my name which was opened when I even didnt had a visa to USA. Those accounts were opened within XXXX years when I lived in XXXX and dont even think about USA. So, this complain is about DISCOVER BANK account which was open ( according to XXXX  credit report ) XXXX XXXX, XXXX with a credit limit {$4500.00} and current balance XXXX $ .I have never apply for Discover credit card/never received and never use ANY of Discover Bank credit cards. I physically lived in XXXX-it 's no way for me to used this card. I called Disvover fraud department and told all this information above, but they still didnt report to credit bureaus to remove this fraud account from my credit report.		DISCOVER BANK	PA	191XX		Consent provided	Web	2/24/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3161642
8/29/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt	"I sent this company several letters asking them to verify this debt or remove it from my account. What they sent me back was just a letter with itemized charges that I allegedly owed. Theres no signed contract with my name or anything. That does not meet the federal trade Commissions guidelines of what constitutes proper debt validation! 
You should also be aware that reporting such invalidated information to major credit bureaus might constitute defamation of character, as the negative marks on my credit report harm my credit and prevent me from enjoying all the benefits of good credit. In addition, the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) does not allow the inaccurate reporting of information on my credit report and under this act."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Convergent Resources, Inc.	FL	336XX		Consent provided	Web	8/29/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3357307
6/26/20	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect			EQUIFAX, INC.	CO				Web	6/26/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3717573
2/23/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect	In XXXX of 2017 my vehicle was reprocessed after only 30 days of delinquency. However my chief complaint is that I was never notified when the vehicle was auctioned or sold. According to the reprocession laws in the state of Nevada, as the consumer I was supposed to be notified of the date, location of the sale of the vehicle. Also I never received notice of how much the deficiency amount owed if any. This finance company is also reporting inaccuracies on all 3 of my credit reports. XXXX XXXX is reporting every month that I am delinquent which has added extra charges from original balance at the time of charge/off placed on my credit reports. None of the information is accurate that's being reported by XXXX XXXX to all 3 credit agencies. Trans union, XXXX  and XXXX.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NV	890XX		Consent provided	Web	2/23/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3160943
1/17/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	"GM Financial is refusing to take off incorrect information from my Credit Report.. back in XX/XX/2017 I went to court for a Car Loan that I was being sued for. I had no idea that I was listed as a co buyer for this Loan until I was served with court papers. I went to court and explained to the judge that the information was not mine and I didn't know of this until I was served the signature didn't belong to me. 
I never agreed to be a co buyer for any Vehicle. 
The Judge dismissed the case against me without prejudice.. I submitted disputes with all Three Credit agencies yet XXXX   has refused to remove it from my report, stating that GM Financial said that the information is correct and therefore can not remove it.. I can't understand why this is possible because XXXX and XXXX has already removed the information from my Credit Report."		General Motors Financial Company, Inc.	GA	302XX		Consent provided	Web	1/17/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3127507
10/24/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	i am a victim of identity theft as previously stated	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NY	10035		Consent provided	Web	10/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3415907
4/19/19	Credit card or prepaid card	Government benefit card	Unexpected or other fees				Comerica	IL	60501		N/A	Phone	4/19/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3217808
3/21/19	Debt collection	Federal student loan debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt		Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law	SLM CORPORATION	IL	60453		N/A	Referral	3/28/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3186735
8/13/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	NY	11003		Consent not provided	Web	8/13/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3339641
4/1/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	MA	020XX		Consent not provided	Web	4/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3197533
3/29/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	PA	19082		N/A	Fax	3/29/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3195444
2/12/19	Debt collection	Other debt	False statements or representation	Attempted to collect wrong amount	"Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC is trying to collect a debt I do not owe for a purchase I made through XXXX XXXX. Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC claims to be the owner of the debt. 
-XX/XX/XXXX : Check written to XXXX XXXX for {$8300.00} for a furniture purchase. 
-XX/XX/XXXX : Check was processed by XXXX XXXX XXXX Deposit ( XXXX XXXXXXXX 's Bank ). An encoding error was made by entering the amount erroneously as {$8300.00} ( {$.00} less than the check was written for ). 
-XX/XX/XXXX : Check was processed a second time by a separate entity, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX 's Bank ), for the correct amount of {$8300.00}. 
-XX/XX/XXXX : XXXX XXXX ( my bank ) reversed the second transaction since the check was already processed. Letter was sent from XXXX XXXX to me explaining the reversed transaction. Due to XXXX XXXX 's encoding error, they were paid {$.00} less than the check was written for. My Bank ( XXXX XXXX ) can not do anything about the {$.00} variance. XXXX XXXX must initiate the process of collecting the remaining {$.00} through XXXX XXXX 's bank. 

XXXX XXXX sold a debt of {$8300.00} to Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC. Certegy Payment Solutions has been trying to collect this debt since XX/XX/XXXX. Certegy Payment Solutions has also hired a separate debt collector, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, who is also sending letters trying to collect this debt. 

In summary, XXXX XXXX sold a debt for an amount that was incorrect in violation of the FDCPA. Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX are trying to collect a debt I do not owe in violation of the FDCPA. 

I am attaching these letters sent by certified return receipt mail : -XX/XX/XXXX letter to Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC -XX/XX/XXXX letter to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 
-XX/XX/XXXX letter to Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC -XX/XX/XXXX letter to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 
-XX/XX/XXXX letter to Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC I am also attaching 2 additional letters received from Certegy Payment Solutions after my last letter sent XX/XX/XXXX. Based on the content of these 2 letters it is clear Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC has all the documentation to prove I do not owe this debt. They are now crossing a line into harassment.

-JXX/XX/XXXX letter where Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC is now requesting that I prove to them that the check I wrote has cleared my bank twice. This constitutes misleading and unfair debt collection practices since what they are asking for has not happened. The check cleared once, and XXXX XXXX has been paid. If the check cleared my bank twice, I would have paid twice the amount the debt was owed, and therefore XXXX XXXX would owe me {$8300.00}. 
-XX/XX/XXXX letter where Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC is ignoring a letter sent from my financial institution ( XXXX XXXX ) stating the check has been processed through my account. Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC has continually requested contact information for my financial institution, which I have provided. If Certegy Payment Solutions , LLC has an issue with the wording of the letter from XXXX XXXX, they should contact the bank, and confirm that XXXX XXXX has been paid."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Certegy Holdings, LLC	MN			Consent provided	Web	2/12/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3149735
10/31/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect	I have contacted XXXX XXXX serveral times and they tell me they do not have my information anymore because it was bought out by XXXX XXXX XXXX  credit card. I paid this amount and it was suppose to be deleted off my credit report. It still shows on my credit report and shows as paid with a zero balance and that the account was charged off and sold to another lender. Neither company will deleted this and update it and both state they can not find my information. This was paid off over two years ago.		Healthcare Receivable Professionals, LLC	SC	294XX		Consent provided	Web	10/31/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3424467
5/25/19	Debt collection	Credit card debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt is not yours		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL	IL	62863		N/A	Postal mail	5/25/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3253862
4/8/19	Debt collection	Medical debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt is not yours		Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law	GOLD KEY CREDIT, INC.	FL	32703		Consent not provided	Web	4/8/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3204639
3/28/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	TN	38128		Consent not provided	Web	3/28/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3194292
3/4/19	Mortgage	VA mortgage	Struggling to pay mortgage		"I am filing this complaint after receiving a letter from Chase today alleging a lie to cover up their illegal activities. In the letter ( see attachment ) dated XX/XX/XXXX Chase asserted that we cant consider you for mortgage assistance because we didnt receive your initial request by the required number of days before the scheduled foreclosure date. THIS STATEMENT IS A LIE. I REPEAT. THIS STATEMENT IS A LIE, AND I CAN PROVE IT! 
Chase has repeatedly made false allegations like this to us for more than four years. Most of the Chase Request for Mortgage Assistance applications we have sent to Chase have been ignored ( see attachment ). Nonetheless, In XX/XX/XXXX, our Chase dedicated relationship manager in XXXX, Florida spoke to the Chase branch bank manager and vice president in XXXX, Georgia. He ( the vice president ) told her ( our dedicated relationship manager ) that he personally faxed all of our documents to her the previous week and confirmed their receipt in her office at that time. In spite of this fact, she requested through the branch bank vice president that we submit our application and all required documents to her again for the 33rd time in 18 months ( see attachment ). Consequently, our dedicated relationship manager sent to our home address a XXXX envelope for us to submit our application and documents back to her again. We sealed the documents in that envelope and took it back to the Chase branch bank so that Chase employees could send it to her through XXXX. 
The Chase branch bank in XXXX, Georgia took receipt of our envelope of documents and gave them to XXXX. XXXX tracking confirms that our application was received by our dedicated relationship manager in her actual office on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX ( see attachment ). After that date, we never heard from our dedicated relationship manager again regarding ANY aspect of our application. 
Chase proceeded in XXXX to schedule a foreclosure on our property for XX/XX/XXXX in violation of the laws of our state for multiple reasons, including failure to provide proper notification as required by law. As such, this proves the statement made by Chase to us in their letter dated XX/XX/XXXX is a lie because we submitted our Request for Mortgage Assistance application to Chase more than thirty days before Chase took illegal action to attempt a foreclosure on the date of XX/XX/XXXX. Our "" dedicated relationship manager '' failed to process our application despite our having previously submitted it to her in XX/XX/XXXX, and well as on 32 previous occasions in the past 18 months."		JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.	GA	305XX	Servicemember	Consent provided	Web	3/4/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3169014
4/29/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account information incorrect		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	PA	182XX		Consent not provided	Web	4/29/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3225835
6/19/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Other personal consumer report	Identity theft protection or other monitoring services	Problem canceling credit monitoring or identify theft protection service	My Chase credit card online acct has a link to " Credit Journey '' and I have received several emails either congratulating me for enrolling or providing 'terms and conditions ', etc. I never requested, enrolled in, or authorized this service. I don't want it and I don't need it and will never use a service like this. I called Chase about this and they referred me to " Credit Journey '' who told me to sign in to the credit journey  acct to cancel. I told them I was unable to sign in because I never enrolled or registered with them. Neither Chase nor  Credit Journey will ( or know how to ) resolve this.		JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.	NV	891XX		Consent provided	Web	6/21/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3280531
3/23/19	Credit card or prepaid card	General-purpose credit card or charge card	Other features, terms, or problems	Credit card company forcing arbitration		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	CITIBANK, N.A.	FL	334XX		Consent not provided	Web	3/23/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3188950
3/24/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt			AFNI INC.	WV	25404		Consent not provided	Web	3/24/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3189969
4/10/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report			EQUIFAX, INC.	TX	77498		Consent not provided	Web	4/10/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3207582
4/11/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	CO	80027		Consent not provided	Web	4/11/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3207867
11/27/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Improper use of your report	Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize	"2ND NOTICE OF PENDING LITIGATION SEEKING RELIEF AND MONETARY DAMAGES UNDER FCRA SECTION 616 & SECTION 617 EXPERIAN HAS INQUIRES ON MY CREDIT REPORT THAT ARE : MINE/INACCURATE.FRAUD. I DID NOT GIVE NY PERMISSION TO  REPORT THESE INQUIRES. I HAVE SUBMITTED A POLICE REPORT SEVERAL TIMES AND EXPERIAN HAS NOT OR REFUSED TO DELETE AND REMOVE THESE INQUIRES FROM MY CREDIT REPORT. I WAS NOT NOTIFIED THESE INQUIRES WAS OR WILL BE REPORTED TO MY CREDIT REPORT. INQUIRES NOT MINE : XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Credit Unions XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Personal Loans Cos. 
XXXX XXXX  Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX All Banks XXXX XXXX  Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Miscellaneous Reptg. Agencies XXXX  XXXX   XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Miscellaneous Reptg. Agencies XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Miscellaneous Reptg. Agencies XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Services, Not Elsewhere XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Auto Financing XXXX  XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Auto Financing XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Automobile Dealers, New XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Auto Financing XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Auto Financing XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Auto Financing XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Automobile Dealers, New XXXX XXXX XXXX  Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Credit Unions XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Auto Financing XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Automobile Dealers, New XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Automobile Dealers, New XXXX  XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Miscellaneous Reptg. Agencies XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Miscellaneous Reptg. Agencies XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Telephone Companies XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX Telephone Companies XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry from XX/XX/XXXX XXXX"	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	FL	336XX		Consent provided	Web	11/27/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3452868
11/29/18	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	I tried talking to the company and explained to them that this accounts are freaud. They have been removed from other credit bureaus and Equifax for some reason reporting same act 3 times. I provided all paperwork and no one is doing anything.		EQUIFAX, INC.	NY	112XX		Consent provided	Web	11/29/18	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3086511
4/20/19	Debt collection	Mortgage debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt was already discharged in bankruptcy and is no longer owed			Dyck-O'Neal, Inc.				N/A	Referral	4/20/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3218210
5/27/19	Debt collection	Other debt	Took or threatened to take negative or legal action	Threatened to arrest you or take you to jail if you do not pay			HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, THE	OH	43228		Consent not provided	Web	5/27/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3254590
8/12/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	PA	15202		N/A	Phone	8/12/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3337159
8/16/17	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	7 years ago, someone hacked my credit and stole my identity posing as me but without my full legal name ... I have written to all 3 credit bureaus and repeatedly they have showen negligence in removing fraudulent items from my report. My initial letters, police report listing fraudulent items & FTC affidavit were mailed to them XXXX,2017. It has been over 45 days, the legal amount of time they have to investigate the items. The following items are still fraudulently being listed on my credit report under Experian and Transunion. No legally required notorized verification was provided to me showing that these items are mine nor proof from the lenders, which is required to be sent in the 1st 45 days of a dispute and then the bureaus must be sent to me with notorized proof they are mine. Neither of these have been done. I would like these items removed. See the following :	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	IL	606XX		Consent provided	Web	9/7/17	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	2646947
10/27/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else	Last year around XXXX, my bank informed me that my information had been breached and suggested that I change passwords and open a new account. I did this. However, I noticed my credit score dropping, and started receiving mail from debt collectors and other lenders regarding accounts that I had not opened. I tried to take care of these thing myself, but the credit reporting agencies didn't bother to listen. I seek your aide and guidance in helping me get these items removed from my reports. I am a victim of the XXXX data breach..	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	IL	606XX		Consent provided	Web	10/27/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3418803
8/13/19	Debt collection	Credit card debt	Attempts to collect debt not owed	Debt was result of identity theft	I received a letter from XXXX  XXXX XXXX, on behalf of US I /XXXX. Based on the information by XXXX this account was opened without my knowledge from XXXX. This account was opened fraudulently, I don't have knowledge of the transactions made. I am train to open a fraud/identity theft report as well as ftc number.		USI Solutions Inc.	FL	331XX		Consent provided	Web	8/13/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3338777
3/19/19	Debt collection	Medical debt	Took or threatened to take negative or legal action	Threatened to sue you for very old debt			Evergreen Financial Services Inc.	WA	99336		Consent not provided	Web	3/22/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3183805
3/27/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	TX	77084		Consent not provided	Web	3/27/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3192685
5/11/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Public record information inaccurate		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	PR	725		N/A	Postal mail	5/20/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3239250
4/11/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else			Innovis	GA	30080		Consent not provided	Web	4/11/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3208762
8/12/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	GA	30318		N/A	Referral	8/12/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3338290
1/4/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Problem with a credit reporting company's investigation into an existing problem	Their investigation did not fix an error on your report	"I sent this company my dispute letter on XX/XX/XXXX with detail explanation on what accounts were derogatory and needed removal. I even attached all the documents they requested as proof to assist them run a smooth investigation on this matter : But to my surprise this company still kept reporting these erroneous accounts. This letter is a written proof of my intent to resolve this matter and have these inaccurate accounts expunged from my report before pursuing legal action. 
For yet one last time, the following accounts are derogatory : XXXX ACC # XXXX, Date Opened XX/XX/XXXX, Balance {$1400.00} I dont understand where the late payments are coming from, I have always paid in time. Please correct thing wrong data asap. 

XXXX XXXX ACC # XXXX, Date Opened XX/XX/XXXX, Original Balance $ XXXX- I have never been late on this account, that data is frivolous so please delete it asap I have attached herewith the letter I sent to this company as proof of their failures to investigate and fix the errors I pointed out for reference."		EQUIFAX, INC.	CA			Consent provided	Web	1/4/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3116888
3/29/19	Checking or savings account	Checking account	Closing an account	Company closed your account		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	SANTANDER BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION	NJ	7739		N/A	Referral	4/2/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3196496
3/27/19	Debt collection	Credit card debt	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	CITIBANK, N.A.	NY	11520	Older American	N/A	Referral	3/28/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3193142
3/20/19	Checking or savings account	Other banking product or service	Managing an account	Deposits and withdrawals			BBVA FINANCIAL CORPORATION	AL	36874		N/A	Referral	3/26/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3187178
4/9/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Improper use of your report	Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize			General Motors Financial Company, Inc.	NY	10128		Consent not provided	Web	4/9/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3206523
8/5/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Improper use of your report	Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	BMO HARRIS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION	MO	639XX		N/A	Phone	8/6/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3330267
1/22/19	Credit card or prepaid card	Store credit card	Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers	Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms	"On XX/XX/XXXX, I went to XXXX XXXX & XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX NY to look at appliances for my new apartment. Salesperson XXXX XXXX assisted me. I had planned to use my credit card to make the purchase but Mr. XXXX encouraged me to take out the store credit card through Synchrony Bank and I would be given a promotional sale which is 18 months interest free to pay off my purchase. I credited {$3500.00} worth of appliances that day and he calculated my monthly payments as {$190.00}. I paid {$200.00} every month up until XX/XX/2018. In XX/XX/XXXX to my surprise I received an email from Synchrony Bank saying that the promotion would expire XX/XX/XXXX. I then made numerous calls to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and was given the runaround. They put me on hold numerous times and then mysteriously the call was dropped. On one occasion they said that the manager was busy and would return my call. He never did. When I called back they told that the manager was still busy and I should call Synchrony Bank instead because they could not help me. The salesperson Mr. XXXX was always conveniently not at work to take my calls. 
I called Synchrony Bank and they told me that they had nothing to do with the promotional sale and that XXXX XXXX are responsible. I was caught between a rock and a hard place as no one wanted to take responsibility and rectify the problem. I balance of approximately {$1100.00} became almost {$1700.00} and when I paid monthly interest was again added monthly. In order to preserve my good credit I had to transfer funds from another credit card with a lower interest rate to pay off this never ending balance."	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL	NY			Consent provided	Web	1/22/19	Closed with monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3130438
3/1/19	Debt collection	I do not know	Written notification about debt	Didn't receive enough information to verify debt	"Midland Credit Management has been harassing me about a debt for awhile and will not remove it from my credit report. I have written letters to them to validate the debt. Each time they will not provide me with documents that I request. 

They have been asked to provide a document with my signature to show a contract was created for the debt but they do not and instead just send me a generic form they use which always seems to have the phrase "" We are uncertain of what you are specifically disputing. '' I also indicated I have no contract with them between myself and their company. They will never respond to this either. They are trying to collect on a debt that has been in dispute. It is crystal clear what I am asking. I ask of them to provide me documents to reserve my consumer rights."		ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC.	CA	954XX		Consent provided	Web	3/1/19	Closed with non-monetary relief	Yes	N/A	3166331
5/2/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information belongs to someone else		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	33060		Consent not provided	Web	5/2/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3228596
4/12/19	Mortgage	VA mortgage	Trouble during payment process			Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Freedom Mortgage Company				N/A	Phone	4/16/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3210041
10/24/18	Vehicle loan or lease	Loan	Struggling to pay your loan	Denied request to lower payments	I purchased a vehicle 3 years ago. As of recently I've made every payment on time. About a year ago I went through a separation from my children 's mother. For custody reasons she has gone out of her way to destroy my credit and career, in order to win custody of our children. She has cost me 2 jobs, by showing up and harassing me. I have evidence of this. She has opened 3 accounts in my name. If have no problem paying these if I could maintain a job. My vehicle was intentionally damaged. Sugar was poured into the gas tank. It caused over {$2000.00} in damage. She disputed 3 payments made through an account that she had used to pay with. She was listed as on the vehicle account as a driver, and on the auto insurance, which she also disputed 2 payments. After which she reported to the auto finance company the location of my vehicle and said to repo it. Then bragged about lying and what she had done one social media. I've since made the repairs using what saved money I have. I'm having troubles catching the vehicle up in order to use it as transportation to an from work. I'm a XXXX   XXXX, and can make money with or with out a job. It's just she to the personal attacks from this individual I'm currently in a circle of dept that has locked my ability to grasp how and what to do to overcome it. I need advise or help. Recently I made {$800.00} in payments to get the vehicle under 90 days past due. Toyota told me they would give me options after I did that, and vehicle would be taken out of repo status. They denyed my request to move the past due amount to the back of the dept like they agreed. Then sent a repo agent to claim the vehicle. I denyed then the vehicle. And will continue to do so. I've worked hard to buy, keep, maintain, and repair my vehicle. I'm still behind exactly what was disputed. I'm only weeks from fully financially collapsing and losing my home and everything. I've exhausted all my resources to stay afloat. This is my first attempt to ask for help. I need options. Please help.		TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION	SC	294XX		Consent provided	Web	10/24/18	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3054854
8/1/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Account status incorrect	XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX is reporting a late that I should not have. I have had this account for a very long time and have never been late. This late was only caused by them posting my payment wrong. This is not my fault it is their error.	Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Experian Information Solutions Inc.	UT	840XX		Consent provided	Web	8/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3326159
4/16/19	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Other personal consumer report	Incorrect information on your report	Public record information inaccurate		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FNIS)	CA	90621		Consent not provided	Web	4/17/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3213331
5/1/19	Credit card or prepaid card	General-purpose credit card or charge card	Problem when making payments	Problem during payment process		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION	MN	55303		N/A	Postal mail	5/1/19	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3228440
6/22/20	Credit reporting, credit repair services, or other personal consumer reports	Credit reporting	Incorrect information on your report	Information is missing that should be on the report		Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response	TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.	FL	32536	Servicemember	Consent not provided	Web	6/22/20	Closed with explanation	Yes	N/A	3710671
